Add blog announcing 2022 Trino summit (#308)
trinodb/trino.io: _posts/2022-06-30-trino-summit-call-for-speakers.md

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing the 2022 Trino Summit"
author: "Cole Bowden"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

We are pleased to announce the upcoming 2022 Trino Summit. The summit is
scheduled as *hybrid* event on the 10th of November 2022. You will be able to
join us online, or you can make the trip to San Francisco and meet us at the
Commonwealth Club on the downtown waterfront. Attendance is free(!), but please

> be aware that you need to register regardless of how you'll be joining us.

Reviewer: Add some info that live event is limited so act fast!

<div class="card-deck spacer-30">
    <a class="btn btn-pink" href="https://www.starburst.io/info/trinosummit/">
        Register for the event
    </a>
    <a class="btn btn-orange" href="https://sessionize.com/trino-summit-2022/">
        Sign up to speak
    </a>
</div>
<div class="spacer-30"></div>

> Starburst is the lead sponsor for the summit, but they're happy to hear from and

Reviewer: Sounds a bit weird... maybe

but we welcome other sponsor help us make this a great event for the Trinio community.

Author: There's no "we" because this is a Trino blog, so it's from the perspective of the Trino community, not from Starburst. Reworded a little, though.

> help make this a great event for the Trino community. If that interests you or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
help make this a successful event for the Trino community. If that interests you or
```

> should [reach out to Starburst by email.](mailto:events@starburst.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should [contact the team for more information](mailto:events@starburst.io).
```

<!--more-->

> More exciting, if you'd like to give a talk at this year's Trino summit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to share your knowledge and information about Trino usage and give a talk at this year's Trino Summit,
```

we're putting out a call for speakers. We will be accepting submissions from now
until September 15th, but we recommend submitting soon, because slots are
filling up fast.

We're looking for intermediate to advanced-level talks on a variety of themes.
If you have an interesting story about how you were able to leverage Trino,
found a neat way to extend it with a custom plugin, or swapped to Trino for a
performance win, we'd love to hear about it. We're excited to expand our speaker
lineup with talks from the broader Trino community. If you're interested, you
can check out the speaker registration page for more information.

And of course, we're looking forward to seeing you there, whether in-person or

> online!

Reviewer: maybe do something like

So don't forget: 

and then have the two buttons again ..
